README.md, before:


Writer: 
	Justin Byun
Sub modules: 
	So far I have README.md, index.html and game.js
	Will that be all? - what do you think? <'hint', 'hint'>

Objectives:
	Writing the rudimentary simple html file, using js. script
	Preferentially and pretentiously it will have to be appeared professional possible, I mean
	"professional" - HAHA
	
Descriptions:
	REDME file - Somewhat like introduction; showing the directions, objectives and maybe destinations of this assignment(s).
	index.html - main html file that contains mainly (for this case) text material and/or designs and styles of the html file.
	game.js - For this assingment, it has more of functions, modules.  Mainly boolean was used with prompting and texting to the console. 

Copyright and licensing information:
	ALL BELONG TO ME, yes TO ME ME ME!!! (>.<)

Instructions to run the programs:
	Run the terminal and  find the document ( here, index.html ) in the appropriate directory and type 'open index.html' -VOILA!!!


Instructions to submit bugs, feature requests, submit patches, join mailing list, get announcements, or join the user or dev community in other forms
other contact info (email address, website, company name, address, etc):
	You know this is just a joke right?

Citation:
	codefellows 201
	- Sorry sarcasm is my middle name, ahem -

Joke: hmmm
	: BTW, the joke is available on html file as well (I think it's more suitable on html file)
<img src="lol.png"/>

Commit message:

add and commit 4 files README index and game js and css

README.md, after:


Writer: 
	Justin Byun
Sub modules: 
	So far I have README.md, index.html and game.js
	Will that be all? - what do you think? <'hint', 'hint'>

Objectives:
	Writing the rudimentary simple html file, using js. script
	Preferentially and pretentiously it will have to be appeared professional possible, I mean
	"professional" - HAHA
	
Descriptions:
	REDME file - Somewhat like introduction; showing the directions, objectives and maybe destinations of this assignment(s).
	index.html - main html file that contains mainly (for this case) text material and/or designs and styles of the html file.
	game.js - For this assingment, it has more of functions, modules.  Mainly boolean was used with prompting and texting to the console. 

Copyright and licensing information:
	ALL BELONG TO ME, yes TO ME ME ME!!! (>.<)

Instructions to run the programs:
	Run the terminal and  find the document ( here, index.html ) in the appropriate directory and type 'open index.html' -VOILA!!!


Instructions to submit bugs, feature requests, submit patches, join mailing list, get announcements, or join the user or dev community in other forms
other contact info (email address, website, company name, address, etc):
	You know this is just a joke right?

Citation:
	codefellows 201
	- Sorry sarcasm is my middle name, ahem -

Joke: hmmm
	: BTW, the joke is available on html file as well (I think it's more suitable on html file)
	<img src="lol.png"/>


Update as of: 11/8/'15
	: HW) Pair programming: Add functions to your game
	: OK now I'm adding logics and functions to previous code; How interesting! 
	(>.<)
	: no collaborators-flying SOLO!
